feat: add info about nrf91 series development to learn step (#245)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-quickstart: Changelog.md

## UNRELEASED

### Added

> -   Rereferenced resource for developing with nRF91 Series devices in the
>     `Learn` step for the nRF9151 DK and nRF9161 DK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Added new learning resource links in the Learn step for the nRF9151 DK and nRF9161 DK.
```
